Thanos multicluster metrics mvp docs (#43)
banzaicloud/one-eye-docs: docs/headless/warning-prometheus-label.md

---
---
{{< warning >}}If Prometheus is already installed on the peer cluster, make sure that properly sets the **cluster label** for the collected metrics: the label must be present, and unique, otherwise the metrics of the different clusters become mixed up.

> If One Eye has been installed on the peer cluster, make sure that the name of the observer custom resource is different on the observer and the peer clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If One Eye has been installed on the peer cluster, make sure that the `spec.clusterName` field of the observer custom resource is different on the observer and the peer clusters. Latest version of `One Eye` (>=0.5.0) tries to detect it automatically from the context.
```
